Editorial review: Add MediaMetadata chapterInfo functionality (#34400)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/chapterinformation/artwork/index.md

---
title: "ChapterInformation: artwork property"
short-title: artwork
slug: Web/API/ChapterInformation/artwork
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.ChapterInformation.artwork
---

{{APIRef("Media Session API")}}

The **`artwork`** read-only property of the
{{domxref("ChapterInformation")}} interface returns an {{jsxref("Array")}} of objects representing images associated with the chapter.

## Value

An {{jsxref("Array")}} of objects. Each object contains the following properties:

- `src`
  - : The URL from which the user agent fetches the image's data.
- `sizes`

>   - : Specifies the size of the resource in multiple sizes so the user agent can determine what size is most appropriate for different contexts.

Reviewer: How about this (also to keep it parallel with other value descriptions:
```suggestion
  - : The size of the resource in multiple dimensions, allowing the user agent to determine the most appropriate size for different contexts.
```

Author: This isn't quite right; however, your comment prompted me to revisit this, and I've updated it to be more descriptive and useful than it was before. You might want to have another look.

- `type`

>   - : The {{Glossary("MIME type")}} hint for the user agent that allows it to ignore images of types that it doesn't support. However, the user agent may still use MIME type sniffing after downloading the image to determine its type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The {{Glossary("MIME type")}} hint that allows the user agent to ignore image types it doesn't support. However, the user agent may still use MIME type sniffing after downloading the image to determine its type.
```

Author: Updated to be more useful; again, you might want to have another look.

Reviewer: The updated version looks good

>   - : A string representing one or more sizes for the resource. Its value can be the keyword `any` (representing a scalable vector format such as an SVG), or a space-separated list of tokens in the format `<width in pixels>x<height in pixels>` or `<width in pixels>X<height in pixels>`. If multiple sizes are provided, the user agent can load whatever size is most appropriate for the current context, provided those sizes are available in the linked resource.

Reviewer: nits
```suggestion
  - : A string representing one or more sizes for the resource. Its value can be the keyword `any` (representing a scalable vector format such as SVG), or a space-separated list of tokens in the format `<width in pixels>x<height in pixels>` or `<width in pixels>X<height in pixels>`. If multiple sizes are provided, the user agent can load the size most appropriate for the current context, provided those sizes are available in the linked resource.
```
